so now we have here where much material and that of the very best guest which
Using tricks is on the way
on this part the gmx 5 that I've already tested percent
even slightly higher model, the Cayenne x7 these two wheels
differ above all things
by percent of a times after seatpost in the x5
and at the 7 9 gives him an integrated seat post otherwise is
the bike a monocoque construction
very stiff very light and also over a year mixed with Georgina trains
straight behind Nadia Raoui is sitting Rebound the chains are already Arero
dynamically optimized
Under the great feature so a bit fair-play to the customer
Eddy Merckx fir as finally in the catalog, so to speak
with the bike and the features also the Middle Eastern s2 Red Fekter al-sor
the factor between stiffness and weight of a Gert Hoffmann
said Performer's feature is
we have here
for a wheel, for example, Silverstein lacks the pros of
Team Quickstep had the opportunity
in training camp this model or that he can ride with him
Hermann Alber gradually
Arc conservatively opted for the percent
Ride with the seat post which is classically therefore
Tom Boonen, for example, who we can not do any different from the culprit
Seatpost in he with 7 otherwise, these two wheels are very similar
are percent high-end products
and from the manufacturer this year is clearly stated we have in the West
Stephanus 2 Red Fekter on our wheels
So much for the very sporty variant that here with the
Württemberg office with the campanologist euro there have it different
his
but maybe there are also important enemies for the people
also want to come from the popular something dignified
another variant
the gmx 3 this is the 2012 new model so brand new it has not changed much
Altered to the proven construction there is now
inside is laid for
which let the frame come out a little finale and a few protectors a
This wheel is delivered in 2 variants on the front of the head tube in Belgium
in Germany, the German customer can look forward to a complete construction costs system
say Campanologist still strange and how you want it so that he comes
with three, therefore
a feature
Good for the people would not just be quite professional on the road
are the slightly higher control tube here in front so he is already without it
better
Percent very well on the way
now, in a big overcoming, Blocher can very much turn himself off
so enjoy riding on this bike
at the 1 3 5 7
choose a number and percent make them something out of it